Update CHANGELOG.md (#7299)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta: CHANGELOG.md

* bigquerydatapolicy: added `data_masking_policy.routine` field to `google_bigquery_data_policy` resource ([#7250](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/7250))
* compute: added `server_tls_policy` field to `google_compute_region_target_https_proxy` resource ([#7280](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/7280))
* filestore: added `protocol` field to `google_filestore_instance` resource to support NFSv3 and NFSv4.1 ([#7254](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/7254))
* firebasehosting: added `config.rewrites.path` field to `google_firebase_hosting_version` resource ([#7258](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/7258))
* logging: added `intercept_children` field to `google_logging_organization_sink` and `google_logging_folder_sink` resources ([#7279](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/7279))
* monitoring: added `service_agent_authentication` field to `google_monitoring_uptime_check_config` resource ([#7276](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/7276))

> * privateca: added 'subject_key_id' field to `google_privateca_certificate` and `google_privateca_certificate_authority` resources ([#7273](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/7273))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* privateca: added `subject_key_id` field to `google_privateca_certificate` and `google_privateca_certificate_authority` resources ([#7273](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/7273))
```
